App FQDN depends on the region (#697)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/platform/app/2000-01-01-domain.md

index: 20
---

> Scalingo provides a subdomain of `osc-fr1.scalingo.io` for all applications to access your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scalingo provides a subdomain looking like `region-name.scalingo.io` for all applications to access your application.
```

After having bought a domain name you need to configure it. Most of the
registrars provide a web dashboard to do so. To target your application
hosted on Scalingo, you need to create a `CNAME` field targeting the
fully qualified domain name (FQDN). This FQDN depends on the region your
application is deployed on:

> - `agora-fr1`: `my-app.scalingo.io.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `agora-fr1`: `my-app.agora-fr1.scalingo.io.`
```

Author: This one does not work
